>> New documentary.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> A group of people was
expecting to hear a fantastic
tale, but Juan broke down.
What happened?
What did he encounter?
>> This week on Gaia--
>> Juan interacts with the
phenomenon through his dreams,
receiving information about his
life and other people's lives.
It was from his
contact with the UFO
that Juan woke up to the
gift of clairvoyance.
>> --on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Our potential is greater than
their potential because we have
a mammalian brain and
they have a reptoid brain.
>> Are we limitless, then?
>> Yes.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> It's not how much work you
do that causes you to improve.
It's how quickly you
turn on full volume
and then how quickly
you return to rest.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> You have to continue to
walk through every door.
You have to stay--
stand in your faith.
Stand in your truth.
Where does your truth come from?
It comes from your heart.
>> Only on Gaia.